docs: formatters util PTL-1693 (#2006)
genesiscommunitysuccess/docs: docs/001_develop/03_client-capabilities/014_utility-methods/03_formatters-util.mdx

---
title: 'Formatting Utilities'
sidebar_label: 'Formatting Utilities'
id: formatting-utils
keywords: [utils, utility, data, formatters, number, date, datetime, unix, timestamp, separator, parse, parsing, parser, numeric]
tags:
  - utils
  - utility
  - formatters
  - number
  - date
  - datetime
  - unix
  - timestamp
  - separator
  - parse
  - parsing
  - parser
  - numeric
---

> This provides utilities for parsing and formatting numbers and dates, ensuring that your application can accurately process and display data in user-friendly formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Formatting utilities provide functions for parsing and formatting numbers and dates, ensuring that your application can accurately process and display data in user-friendly formats.
```
